docs: move layer defines to reduce confusion (#2639)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/keymaps/behaviors/layers.md

> Some of those behaviors are still in the works; the ones that are working now are documented here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the list of behaviors that can be used to activate and deactivate layers.
```

This is bothering me, so can we update while we are touching around it? :)

:::note
Multiple layers can be active at the same time and activating a layer will not deactivate layers higher up in the "layer stack".

> Layer numbers start at 0 following the order they are defined in the keymap node, `&mo 3` would activate the 4th layer node defined in the keymap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Layer numbers start at 0 following the order they are defined in the keymap node, for example `&mo 3` would activate the 4th layer node defined in the keymap.
```

Added a line break and "for example".

Example:

```dts
&mo 3
```

> 

Reviewer: Can I suggest you add a e.g. `note` admonition box here, reminding that layer numbers correspond to the order they are defined under the keymap node, starting from zero? e.g. the `3` here would be the 4th node, etc.

Having the `#define`s earlier sort of illustrated this before.

Author: I added a new line to the admonition box just above here. Having just one highlighted section feels cleaner than two right next to each other to me. The linked page also have more info about layer numbers with examples. What do you think?

Reviewer: I thought about the note box right after the first time it is used in an example, e.g. here after `&mo 3` but I guess they would still be pretty close. I think yours is fine, yeah.
